Make access_log in http context configurable (#5648)
nginxinc/kubernetes-ingress: docs/content/configuration/global-configuration/configmap-resource.md

|ConfigMap Key | Description | Default | Example |
| ---| ---| ---| --- |
|*error-log-level* | Sets the global [error log level](https://nginx.org/en/docs/ngx_core_module.html#error_log) for NGINX. | *notice* |  |

> |*access-log* | Sets the directive [access log](https://nginx.org/en/docs/http/ngx_http_log_module.html#access_log). Only syslog is allowed. | ``/dev/stdout main`` | ``syslog:server=localhost:514`` |

Reviewer: > Only syslog is allowed

Or standard out also

Author: You mean documented? Stdout is the default as it is now

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|*access-log* | Sets the directive [access log](https://nginx.org/en/docs/http/ngx_http_log_module.html#access_log). only allowed values are standard out (default) and a syslog destination. | ``/dev/stdout main`` | ``syslog:server=localhost:514`` |
```
